Cumulus content updates for `polkadot v0.9.13` (#660)
substrate-developer-hub/substrate-docs: v3/how-to-guides/01-basics/e-custom-chainspec/index.mdx

### 2. Modify the plain chain specification (optional)

> This optional step we can leverage an _existing_ plain chain specification for a network that otherwise would require modification of te _source_ of the node to run on a _new network_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This optional step we can leverage an _existing_ plain chain specification for a network that otherwise would require modification of the _source_ of the node to run on a _new network_.
```

    "
/>

> It is _conventional_ to include the chain specification files for your node _within the source code itself_ so that anyone building your node and avoid any chance of non-determinism causing nodes to believe they are on different networks (as the genesis blob may differ).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is _conventional_ to include the chain specification files for your node _within the source code itself_ so that anyone can build your node in the same way, whereby it becomes easy to check for non-determinism by comparing a genesis blob with another. 
```
This could probably be simplified further..

Reviewer: @lisa-parity probably has the trick.
